or you know your body craves certain
things you feed it but you know all of
the money literally torture course you
control I get even that's a question
number one question I get a lot from a
lot of the kids out there now my answer
to them I was always on follow the
three-day on one day off diet for three
days stay on a pretty strict diet on
your fourth day go ahead for your first
and last meal or they have whatever you
want even if it's like pizza or whatever
you want then I always tell people most
of the time when I talk about nutrition
to them is you know you don't have to
eat like a bodybuilder didn't ready for
contest you know we learned a lot of you
know balancing your meals as kids and if
we actually you know exercise that you
know as we get older and you just
balance your meals it they would be so
bad so much better off you know just
pour like I said portion control and
have balanced meals you know it'll be
amazing
you know the difference that you can
make in your body plus the definition of
cheating for one person might be
different to another person you know Jay
he eats clean to him cheating is just
increasing your carbs even if it's good
carbs you know somebody else might be
you know like me down a double cake like
me everything's i'ma say my copy is ice
creating a big hosses bad donut I'm the
cool nut king you got three or four
o'clock any morning next to me over
there
the drive-through what about weighing
your food obviously
speaking about McDonald's you're not
weighing a Big Mac but like say 12 weeks
16 weeks out before a contest you get
the scale out and actually weigh the
food you know I think when I first
started off I was up you know if the
teenagers are obsessive you're not a
little scale and I weighed out of your
layouts and I quit doing a long time ago
you just provide a look at it and know
how much you need just guesstimate
because you like we talked about earlier
you know your body changes from show to
show from year to year so you might need
a little bit more than what you're
measuring out so you end up having a
little bit more anyway so you can
measure measure measure all you want but
if it's not enough for your body you
have to feed it anyway feed it enough
you know the mirrors are best still if
you look in the mirror don't like what
you see then you need to adjust your
nutrition or whatever I think the closer
you get the show time counting your
carbs is the most important thing right
that's the number one staple in your own
preconscious purp
raishin you don't know how many carbs
you're taking it so that's when you
start counting actually are you wait
you're away everything just might have
it just weigh it to the ounce now what
are three misconceptions about
bodybuilding and food and like what you
should or shouldn't do
look the light weight to get cut I'll
think up for business misconception
continue and you get are four so you
need to lift light you know to get cut
up and it's nutrition and cardio that's
what's going to get you in shape I don't
let the lightweight yeah I would say
naughty after five o'clock that's a huge
misconception I mean it goes by your
schedule it's it's like every three
hours you know pretty much every three
hours as long as you're awake from time
you wake up to the time you go to sleep
you know you can tape your carbohydrates
off or eat you know less starchy carbs
or whatever later in the day replace it
with green green vegetables broccoli
asparagus that kind of thing but you
know you still need a protein every
three hours especially if you're a
weight trainer I was especially for you
getting ready for bodybuilding contests
I would say like more is not better a
lot of lot of times people are like
overtraining and over diet over
everything they think that the more they
do this or that the more the better off
they're going to be sometimes it works
now obviously so as far as the starchy
carbs go there's that big misconception
that a lot of people will eat a huge
dinner at night that's actually a truth
right a lot of people those three solid
meal oh they don't even eat three meals
the all just large dinner and maybe you
know donuts for breakfast or coffee but
the average person even if they're not a
way to Train ash of eating four or five
small portions a day not just loading up
and that's why we have a weight epidemic
in the United States because people have
no idea what kind of diet they should be
on or what even a protein in a
carbohydrate is yeah in the morning you
should increase the amount of food UT
keeps you metabolize them out that is
absolute you need fiber
paradox or what people believe but it's
true especially as you get older kind of
stay on that regiment a little bit more
because you know you're naturally your
metabolism will start slowing down over
so you kind of find some way to tweak it
or get it back start it up you know so
you got it each of these wait that's the
hardest thing to drop through somebody
said because you know they think so you
can always wait don't eat but I think
they're thinking about McDonald's or you
know I mean some Mexican food or
something like that and they're like I
can't eat like that you know that well
you shouldn't eat like that at all you
know it's like eat the right foods you
know then it'll make a difference if
they were going to get on a balanced
diet what would you say is the number
one thing that they should know the six
meals a day keep the protein up keep the
carbs up I mean what's a what's a diet
that you would give these guys protein
shakes them which once or twice a day
maybe you're like it like I said I've
made my best games and I kept not
importance of protein so like three
meals and maybe two protein shakes in
between those three but they have to get
a proper diet down you know and that
means getting up in the morning first of
all and eating a breakfast which a lot
of America does not do a lot of kids
rush off to school and they grabbed I
mean I was one of them in high school I
used the doughnuts every morning and
when I get to school
coffee cake because I was rushing to get
out and you should sit down and have you
know I would suggest like we you know I
know it's not the best thing but you
know the oatmeal King mentioned you know
the packaged oatmeal with the lowest
sodium and sugar sea flavor Remus is a
you know a good way to start and maybe
lipoprotein he has some eggs egg whites
even eggs even whole eggs for kill young
GUID consistency or the peanut butter a
number one thing I would recommend to
anybody starting Islanders stay
consistent they shouldn't even be in the
gym before they mean the diet should be
first right before weights because if
you're going to go in and you're going
to you know grew yourself down with
weight training and not have a proper
diet you're wasting a time they're not a
muscle that's around this counter in the
kitchen is a very scary place to be but
you guys could spend some time with this
thanks a lot thanks rich wasn't anybody
eating his Alma's men and start
don't take too many butcher shop